[9780553593716 (A Game Of Thrones)]
I remember buying this book when I was a sophomore in college (must have been 2016?). My then girlfriend (now wife) and I were going on vacation with her parents (to Florida- that's where every southerner goes to vacation) and I wanted something to read in the downtime.
I got hooked from the first chapter and finished the whole thing in that week. Mostly read while sitting on the beach, some on the trip there, some on the trip back. 
There's not much to say that most GoT fans wouldn't already know. I will say that it is a great piece of 1990s high fantasy. A Game Of Thrones is the only one of George R.R. Martin's books that I've read (though I have sat through the entire HBO series).

[9780441790340 (Stranger In A Strange Land)]
I'm sure there are many that would regard this as the greatest SciFi novel ever written- I am not such a person. This is supposedly the pinnacle of Heinlein's work, but I confess that I only made it (maybe) 1/4 of the way through before putting it down and shelving it.
Maybe the motifs are written at a level that is too high for me to understand? Perhaps it resonates better with those that remember the political climate during the time when it was written? Whatever the case, I could not get interested in the story of Valentine Michael Smith- the man from Mars.
I will say that the introductory "after-action report" was enough to intrigue me, but I quickly lost interest after the first couple of chapters. If you are interested in some of Heinlein's literature- Starship Troopers (currently listening to the audiobook) seems like much more action-y SciFi.

[0886774632 (By The Sword)]
"By The Sword" is easily one of my favorite fantasy novels, period. Written as a novel to bridge 2 of Mercedes Lackey's other series (connecting the Vows and Honor series to the Valdemar saga - I had read neither prior to reading this book), "By The Sword" follows a headstrong woman named Kerowyn as she trains to become a legendary mercenary.
I absolutely love books that have strong female protagonists, and this story delivers. I remember purchasing this book a couple months before the end of my sophomore year of college. I got it the same way I get 80% of the books in my library- by scouring shelves at a thrift store.
This one I remember particularly well- because it was one of the last purchases that I made before the Savers in Little Rock went out of business (big RIP- I miss that place a lot). I read it in bits and pieces that summer when I worked third shift at my dad's machine shop. 

[9780812548051 (Wizard's First Rule)]
The first of many books in the Sword Of Truth series- I bought this book in the summer of 2016 at a Barnes & Noble. I have made it maybe halfway through this book. The story itself is intriguing: Richard Cypher, a simple woodsman, is plucked out of a peaceful existence and thrust into world-wide fight for survival at the hands of an overly-powerful fantasy-style dictator. In some respects, Wizard's First Rule exhibits gritty elements that border on GRRM levels of gore.
However, Terry Goodkind is known for blatantly injecting his political views into his work (not that that's wrong to do- but his have a tendency to slap you in the face). There are places in this book where you can see- what I would argie is an overuse of- Ayn Rand-ian "Objectivism" (Darken Rahl, the primary antagonist, is almost cartoonishly evil in the way that he is "only out for himself")
This perspective coupled with his stream of consciousness-style writing has prompted me to put this book down several times. It is on my list to eventually finish, but it will probably be a few years before I pick it up again (at which point, I'll just start the whole thing over). 
It is worth noting that there was a TV series made out of the Sword of Truth universe called "Legend Of The Seeker", starring Craig Horner and Bridget Regan. 10/10 in my opinion, and cancelled way before its time (it only enjoyed 2 seasons). It was chock-full of early 2000s special effects which, in my opinion, added some charm that I really enjoyed while watching it in 2017. 

[9781435122963 (H.P. Lovecraft - The Complete Fiction)]
I have been a fan of Lovecraftian stories since high school. I first came across them via the podcast "Welcome to Nightvale" circa 2012 (If I remember correctly, it was trending in the top 10 podcasts on iTunes at the time). Lovecraft stories are definitely unique in American literature (from what I have read, at least). I've only read a few select stories out of this anthology (namely, "The Temple", "The Rats In The Walls", and "The Call Of Cthulhu"). For any that haven't read him, Lovecraft is a good author to read if you like grim and strange stories about the unknown (X-Files fans will enjoy for certain).
This book actually belongs to my wife. We bought it together at a Barnes & Noble shortly after graduating college. I fondly remember her reading some of it during her lunch breaks.

[9781592400805 (Latin For All Occasions)]
For a period of time in high school, I was a small-time "Latin dork". I took Latin I and II offerred by my high school and don't remember doing particularly well (way too much of an underachiever in high school). I did, however, enjoy the absurd flex it brought onto my student peers when I told them I was taking "Latin: The Language of the Enlightened".
In an attempt to continue that facade, I bought this book and memorized a few phrases. Years later as an adult with even less free time, I actually do have a small devotion to learning Latin correctly.
In all seriousness, this is actually a pretty good primer to modern conversational Latin. It's a good companion book to have after you've cut your teeth learning elementary Latin grammar. I've kept mine after all this time.

[9780062066312 (How To Archer: The Ultimate Guide To Espionage And Style And Women And Also Cocktails Ever Written)]
This is a book that I bought my wife before we started dating. At the time she was very into the FX satirical spy series "Archer" (and I was very into liking her). One morning over the winter break of Freshman year (of college), I drove to a Barnes & Noble and bought her this book as a "Christmas gift".
She seemed to like it because we ended up hanging out all day, getting dinner at a local Chinese restaraunt, and then squatted in a student ministry on-campus and watched all of "Archer Vice" (the 5th season) together.
This book itself is written from the point of view of Sterling Archer- the eponymous secret agent. As such, it includes all of his sarcastic, ill-informed, and hedonistic views on his role of being a renowned international spy (what an oxymoron!). It's pretty funny to flip through in your spare time, and is a great piece of merchandise if you're an Archer fan.
It's also a pretty good way to sneak your way into an all-day date with the person that you want to end up spending the rest of your life with. Pretty good.

[9780393978896 (Wuthering Heights (Norton Critical Edition))]
In the most narrow definition of the phrase- I have read this book. To that end, I have opened it up and my eyes have glanced over (probably) most of the pages. It is on my list of books to actually re-read. This was one of those books that was required reading in my senior year of high school. I remember that they assigned it for reading over Winter break and I think that hardly anyone read it.
From what I do remember of the story, it was a sad account of the existence of one Heathcliffe as he lived a pretty miserable life in remote Scotland (I'll have to look that one up to verify?).
I do remember that my English Literature teacher in 12th grade ended up thinking I was pretty bright for stumbling across a metaphor in the story arc (something about Heathcliffe and Catherine Linton having "no business" being together but, at the same time, their relationship was nothing but business). IDK- it was a weird one. It's on the bottom of my list, so probably won't get to it for a while.
For what it's worth, if you are inclined to get this book, I recommend purchasing the Norton Critical Edition. It's reprinted in a reader friendly format with annotations, comments, and interpretations laced throughout. It definitely helps in understanding what the hell is going on in the story.

[9781565924970 (VI Editor Pocket Reference)]
The title says it all- a pocket reference for the VI text editor. My manager at my first tech job (one of the best mentors I've ever had, by the way) was cleaning up his cube one afternoon and give this to me. It's been a handy reference for when needing to lookup a command in Vim (the reference is for Vi, but if you're using Vi instead of Vim in modern times... what is wrong with you?)
This is an O'Reilly book, so the contents are guaranteed to be solid.

[9780525478812 (The Fault In Our Stars)]
I'm a huge fan of John Green. Ironically, this is the only one of John Green's books that I haven't read. I do know the story that is present in The Fault In Our Stars (partially from exposure to the Academy-Award winning film, partially from hearing about it from all of the John Green fans that I went to high school with). I'll get around to reading it someday. Honestly, knowing on the front-end that Hazel is diagnosed with
cancer is a bit of a gut-punch for me. It's worth noting that this is another one of the books in our collection that belongs to my wife.

[067149175X (The Mote In God's Eye)]
I've read most of "The Mote In God's Eye". This was another one of those books that I took to the beach, except that this one was more dense to read. I normally like hard sci-fi, but Larry Niven isn't my favorite hard sci-fi author (though he did write one of my favorite hard sci-fi books- "A World Out Of Time"). Niven can be very verbose in his explanations/descriptions of character interactions, to the point that it derails 
progression of the story. I think it is worth reading, but it's definitely one that you have to be in the "report-reading mood" for. I do fondly remember purchasing this book at my favorite bookstore "Dickson Street" in Fayetteville, Arkansas. I went up there one weekend in 2018 (must have been July 2018) with my wife. We stayed at an AirBnB that was an action BnB. Really weird experience with the innkeeper- won't be staying there again..

